Anastasia?
Stop.
Cuff yourself to the bedpost.
Don't bother.
You look good. Healthy.
Pale, though. I think maybe
you live on the East Coast.
For years I've been thinking...
"Where is she?
Is she close or half the world away?
Is she still nervous when it thunders?
Does she remember
our walks in Coney Island?
Getting borscht from Alexa's?"
They're all there, every last one.
And what do you want
in exchange for this?
Just let me go.
He found you faster than I thought.
He did in one week
what I failed to do in 15 years.
True love, huh?
Just take the diamonds
and consider me dead.
Or what?
You've only given me
half of what I want.
- I want him.
- I can't do that.
If you could, you would be free.
Your word?
My word.
Now...
how are you going to get away?
There's something else
in the bag for you.
Clever Girl.
Bye, Daddy.
sync for DEMAND by achelec
~ addic7ed.com ~
- Say "champ." Say "champ."
- Champ!
- Banshee, PA! What's up, baby?
- Mr. Sanchez,
what can you tell us
about this upcoming fight?
What can I tell you about...
I can tell you'd better...
Benjamin, this fight will
cement your credibility
with the Gaming Commission.
Give me another week,
and I'll have us cleared
to break ground on the hotel.
I must admit I had my doubts, Kai,
but you pulled it off.
It's our casino.
We're putting up the purse.
- He was just the middleman.
- Alex, enough.
The champ is in the
building, ladies and gentlemen.
The champ is in the building.
Mr. Sanchez, Kai Proctor.
- Welcome to Banshee.
- Glad to be here.
This is Benjamin Longshadow.
His tribe runs the Kinaho Moon.
- Chief.
- It's an honor to have you here.
- Alex Longshadow.
- Oh, 'kay.
Mr. Sanchez, if you
would do us the honor...
a few shots with the
casino in the background.
- Man, of... come on, man, of course.
- Right this way.
Mr. Proctor,
Douglas Dern, Damien's manager.
- We spoke on the phone.
- We did. Pleasure to meet you.
You said the place was old.
You didn't say ancient.
The Kinaho feel a powerful
connection to their past.
In the case of the Kinaho Moon,
a little too powerful, in my opinion.
I would have preferred to
have the new casino built
before we hosted Mr. Sanchez,
but rest assured the money is real.
Yeah, it had better be.
He's gonna look worse soon, I promise.
Nice casino. Not bad.
Not bad at all.
There it is, baby.
- That's where I do my thing.
- This way, Mr. Sanchez.
You don't approve.
The hotel... the revenue it will
earn should be for our people.
We shouldn't be including
a man like Proctor.
A man like that
gets things done quickly.
We're building something that will
sustain our tribe for years to come.
When I go to the spirits,
I want to have seen the start of it all.
Are you sure you wouldn't prefer
a hotel? It's just a quick call.
I can have you in
the presidential suite.
No, no, no.
My trailer goes wherever I go.
I don't like to be too
pampered before a fight.
Besides, there'll be
plenty of time for that
after I put Hollister's noose up there.
As agreed.
Thank you.
I think I like this town.
We also made some
improvements on your bedroom.
I think you will be pleased.
# Amazing Grace #
♪ How sweet... ♪
- Now I know I like this town.
- # The sound #
♪ That saved a wretch like me ♪
♪ I once was lost ♪
♪ But now am found ♪
♪ Was blind, but now I see ♪
♪ 'Twas Grace that taught... ♪
Senator, you have the
Department's deepest sympathies.
- Mrs. Schumacher, I'm so, so sorry.
- Sorry for your loss.
Sorry, ma'am.
Sheriff Hood.
Gordon.
Hi, Deva.
It's a pretty tough day for everyone.
Yep.
Say, why don't you join
us for dinner tonight?
Nothing fancy; I'm just gonna grill
out some burgers in the back yard.
- Oh, honey, you know...
- That sounds great. Thanks, Gordon.
Why don't we say about 6:00?
- Sure. See you there.
- Good.
So, how do you like
your burger, Sheriff?
Medium rare, thanks.
- Can I see your gun?
- Yeah, sure.
No. Thank you.
You don't need to see his gun.
Hey, hon', why don't you
grab the Sheriff another beer?
I'll get it, Mom.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
Here you go.
- Thank you.
- Yep.
So, Deva, how are you doing?
I don't know.
I still can't believe it.
Yeah. It takes some time.
- Deva, honey, would you go get...
- Yeah. Hold on, Maxie.
Nice and deep, bubba.
You okay?
That's the way.
You good?
What's wrong with him?
It's been happening
since he was a toddler.
- Is he... is he okay?
- He has good days and bad days.
Hey, Max,
why don't you go ahead
and touch the gun
just for a second?
Yeah.
You know, Sheriff,
we never got a chance
to thank you for pulling Deva
out of that mess the other night.
Aw. So how
did the arraignments go?
Well, all the men you arrested
identified this guy Hanson,
but apparently he's long gone.
And either they don't
know or won't talk about
where the skulls came from.
It's not that I can't guess.
Whores, gambling, drugs.
All crooked roads in
Banshee lead to one man,
and that's Kai Proctor.
- I'll get us some more drinks, eh?
- Great.
- Alone at last.
- Shut up.
What happened?
Heavy bag workout.
Mm, not unless it was a bag of bones.
Ana...
- it's me.
- Mm, no, you're different.
How?
You used to be kind.
You know...
you get locked up,
forgotten about for 15 years,
see how kind you feel after that.
- Now, I know you're angry, but...
- Angry?
You have no fuckin' idea.
Hey, where are you going?
Uh, I got a call.
Thanks for the food.
Look, um,
you wanna talk about it?
Drinking alone?
- To keeping secrets.
- # Downing my whiskey #
♪ It's all the same ♪
♪ Tobacco in the sunshine... ♪
- Hey, um...
- Rebecca.
Rebecca.
I think you should go home.
♪ Downing my whiskey ♪
♪ It's all the same... ♪
No, you don't.
What, are you...
saving yourself for someone?
- Rebecca, we can't...
- Shut up.
♪ It's all the same,
it's all the same... ♪
Look, you told me to call
if she came back again.
Well, she's back.
♪ Downing my whiskey... ♪
Hi, Uncle Kai.
Don't you think you're
getting a little too old
for this rebel streak of yours?
That's rich coming from you.
Whatever you may think,
my choices have cost me dearly.
Yeah. You're really hurting.
My mother lives just
10 miles away from me.
I haven't seen or spoken
to her in over 20 years.
My father, when I run into him,
won't even fucking look at me.
My sister, your mother,
denies I even exist.
Yeah, well, that's why
they call it being shunned.
Show some respect!
I'm sorry, Uncle.
You can't begin to
understand how alone I am.
I've lost count of the people I hurt,
and still I hurt people every day.
You have no idea what
that does to you inside.
It's like a blade in your belly
that has gradually scraped you raw.
I'm not buying it, Uncle.
You have everything you've
ever wanted. You're free.
Why don't you just admit
that you like being bad?
Do you realize
no one else can talk to me like that?
You're the only person who
isn't scared of me. The only one.
I'll drive you home.
I want to welcome
our Camp Genoa Marines
to view a private sparring
session with the champ.
All right, ladies and gentlemen,
let me introduce a man
who needs no introduction...
two-time cruiserweight
champion of the world,
honorary referee for
this weekend's fight,
Banshee's own Sugar Bates!
Now, a special gift for Mr. Sanchez
from our sponsors at
Stark-Himmel Timepieces...
a solid gold watch with a
one-of-a-kind diamond bezel
designed especially for the champ.
This is yours. Wear it well.
You got my invitation
for the cocktail party tomorrow
- and the fight on Saturday?
- I did.
Thank you, gentlemen.
Hey, listen, man, I wanna give
a semper fi to all my jarheads
from Banshee's Camp Genoa, all right?
Seems like you're always
hosting something around here.
Y'all ready to see me whip some ass?
- Yeah!
You just came in to see him train?
No. Actually, I came to see you.
You heard about the
Schumacher boy OD'ing, right?
Yeah, I did. It's terrible.
Proctor, you told me you had a talent
for resolving problems here in Banshee.
I was kind of hoping you
could help me with this one.
I found these
in the dead boy's pocket.
The kids call them "skulls."
You ever seen pills like that before?
Are you asking me or accusing me?
Why, I'm asking you, Kai.
Just don't play games with me, Sheriff.
I'm well aware of
Mayor Kendall's agenda.
Oh, this has nothing to do with Kendall.
The boy means well, but he's an idiot.
On that at least I'm sure we can agree.
So if you'll excuse me...
I'm busy trying to bring
good things to Banshee.
Thanks for your time.
- Asshole.
- What?
You gotta watch me.
If you blink, it's over.
He didn't have to hit him that
hard. They're just sparring.
Damn, I'm out of partners.
Right here!
Sarge will take you on!
Hey, hey, hey.
Ahem. 5-0.
Yeah, Sheriff.
You want a shot at the title?
Huh?
You can't throw a few punches?
Go easy on him.
I'd be scared of me, too.
You're the champ!
The Sheriff too smart.
He don't wanna step in the ring.
He don't want none of this.
Excuse me, excuse me.
Hey. Can you come here?
Hey, hey. Hey, doll.
- How you doing? What's your name?
- Chloe.
Hey, um, Chloe, can you bring
me a bottle of champagne?
- Sure. I'll be right back.
- No, doll.
Can you bring it to my trailer?
Say, tonight around 11:00?
- All right, Mr. Sanchez.
- All right, Chloe.
All right.
Come on in.
Hmm.
Must be 11:00.
They're all there.
Just take them and go.
You can start a new life somewhere.
You deserve that after
everything you've been through.
You think you can buy me off? Huh?
You listen to me.
I'm not going anywhere.
So take your fuckin'
diamonds and get out.
- You want a bump?
- I never have.
I'll try.
Yeah, fuck me harder.
No, no, no, no.
No, doll, no. Not like that.
Like this.
You like it like that?
Fuck me harder!
Ah, you're hurting me.
No! Get off me!
- Don't!
- Shut the fuck up!
- Fucking bitch!
- Ah!
Oh, my head!
We have combed the entire building,
reviewed all security footage.
- She left absolutely nothing behind.
- But she came.
She walked right into the lion's den.
He has become a threat to her.
He has been locked up for 15 years.
He's sick with love.
He is reckless.
And rusty.
He'll make a mistake.
He already did.
He scared her.
I thought this was your day off.
I don't have much of a social life.
Do you miss being home?
You don't really talk about it.
It must be hard coming to
a new town not knowing anyone.
I'm used to being alone.
I'll never get used to it.
- Sheriff.
- Yeah.
You need to get over to the hospital.
Chloe, I'm so sorry
I have to ask these questions.
I'm almost done, okay?
So you and Mr. Sanchez...
being in bed together was consensual?
Until it got rough.
I did something wrong
and he just...
Chloe, look at me.
You did nothing wrong, okay?
He kicked me
and then he punched me.
I was crawling.
I was trying to get away,
but he...
he wouldn't let...
then he...
took the champagne bottle...
Okay.
I'm gonna go talk to your nurse, okay?
Hey, hey, hey.
We've got nothing.
Even the overflow lot is filled.
You're gonna wanna
try down the way... hey!
Found a spot.
Oh, crap.
Sheriff Hood.
I've heard about the girl.
How is she?
Well, she looks like
she was hit by a train.
I know this is a delicate situation,
but I'm going to ask you
to arrest Sanchez
after the fight tomorrow night.
- What?
- Yeah, I know how it sounds,
but Banshee
needs this fight to happen.
Too many people and businesses
stand to lose if it doesn't.
Are you out of your mind?!
That girl...
Hey, hey, Deputy, give us a minute.
- You're actually gonna discuss this...
- Hey, hey, hey.
- You saw what he did to that girl.
- Calm down right now.
Are you just another one of
Proctor's yes-men now? Is that it?
"Meet the new boss,
same as the old boss."
Sheriff, I just wanted to thank you
for your discretion.
These things can always be handled.
"These things"?
So this has happened before?
You know the deal...
tomorrow I'll go visit the girl.
She'll put on a show, but ultimately,
it always comes down to the
number they had in their mind
from the moment they
decided to fuck him.
- Yeah? Dern, right?
- Yeah.
Yeah, you need to go somewhere
I can't see you and stay there.
Hey, I mean, come on...
- Hood.
- Hey, hey.
5-0, that was not cool.
Benny was just doing his
job, man. What the fuck?
You're under arrest
for rape and aggravated assault.
I'm under arrest?
Okay. Yeah, I'm under arrest.
All right, yeah.
Come and get me.
Sheriff.
Gotta watch me.
That is cute. I like that.
Looks like you're not
too smart after all.
This what you wanna do?
Ladies and gentlemen, amateur hour.
Let's go.
Come on, Sheriff, let's go.
Get up, bitch!
Get out of my way. Move! Move.
Hood.
Get the fuck off of me.
Come on, Champ.
Fuck.
You like hitting little girls?
Huh?
You motherfucker!
Oh. my God!
Hood, enough!
Meet the new boss.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say or do can and
will be held against you in...
Sugar here. Come on.
I got you.
All right.
Let's walk, hmm? All right.
So you're just the kind of guy
who makes friends wherever he goes, huh?
Yeah, it's all right.
- Shit.
- Just open the door.
Whoa. I always wanted
to drive one of these.
You cost me a referee
gig tonight, brother.
And I could have used the scratch.
Ha. All righty.
Here we go.
♪ Wait ♪
♪ Take all this pain ♪
♪ Take it away ♪
♪ Take it away... ♪
- What's going on, Kai?
- He in there?
Yeah, but he's not fit for a visit.
So now you're his gatekeeper?
It's okay, Sugar.
It's all right.
You cost a lot of people
a lot of money tonight.
You cost me a lot of money tonight.
Why don't you take it up with Sanchez?
Can I help you with
something, Mr. Proctor?
I always had very good
relations with your predecessors.
Yeah, you bought them.
Sometimes laws need to be bent
or broken for the greater good.
I know you agree with that.
No. No,
you know nothing about me.
Well, clearly not as much as I should.
There's a lot you don't know as well.
My family's been here for 160 years.
I've lived here my entire life.
I am this town.
I helped build it and I bled for it.
Have you ever loved anything like that?
I have.
You see, people here
don't always approve
of the way I go about things.
But from what I've
seen since you got here,
you're not very different
from me in that regard.
So what puzzles me is why you
seem to hold me in such contempt.
I have no contempt for you.
I'm just not afraid of you.
I think maybe you're not used to that.
See, you call yourself a businessman
and you dress well, you speak well,
but you're still
nothing but a petty thug.
You've been doing it so long,
you actually think it makes sense
to show up here in
the middle of the night
and ask me why you can't own
me like you own everyone else.
That makes you delusional,
which makes you dangerous.
Why would I want to get
in bed with someone like that?
Sheriff, do you know
why they're afraid of me?
Why is that?
Because they should be.
And maybe you should be, too.
Why don't you show me why right now?
Nah.
I haven't given up on you just yet.
You have a good night.
You're not
understanding me. He's done.
He's done permanently!
The Sheriff fucked him up really bad.
I wouldn't have believed it
if I hadn't seen it myself.
No, look, look.
They already arrested him.
I'm cutting my fuckin' losses.
I never should've come
to this jerkwater town.
I gotta call you back.
- Mr. Dern.
- I'm a little busy here.
I imagine so.
I won't waste your time.
- I'm here to pick up the satchel.
- What the fuck are you talking about?
You were paid an
agreed-upon sum of cash
to deliver the fight to the Kinaho Moon.
Clearly, the fight is off.
And while Mr. Proctor does not hold
Mr. Sanchez's reckless
behavior against you personally,
he does expect his money
to be returned.
Well, listen to me, little man.
Proctor assured me that
he'd buy us enough time
to pay off that little skank, so
he's the one that didn't come through.
And as far as the money, tell him
it's the cost of doing business.
And if he knows what's good
for him, he'll leave it at that.
Now I'm gonna go finish packing...
so I can get the fuck out
of this shithole!
Hey, what are
you doing here, asshole?
I told you...
what the fuck is that?
Hey, wait. Now, now, don't.
Come on. Just back off.
Hey...
Don't!
sync for DEMAND by achelec
~ addic7ed.com ~
( ... wait after credits! ... )
♪ All of them come here and cry ♪
♪ 'Cause I drink the rivers dry ♪
♪ Tell your children to go home ♪
♪ Nothing here but broken bones ♪
♪ I know I'm not alone ♪
♪ 'Cause I can name
the sticks and stones ♪
♪ My creature eyes gleam like pearls ♪
♪ Like a relic afloat in a bottled world ♪
♪ All of my creatures understand ♪
♪ 'Cause I'll bury them in the sand ♪
♪ Tell your children in the end ♪
♪ Death appears as a friend ♪
♪ I know I can't be dead ♪
♪ 'Cause I can count every head ♪
♪ My creature eyes gleam like pearls ♪
♪ Like a relic afloat in a bottled world... ♪